---
title: DD1.6 ~ The Inquisition
date: 2021-01-05
categories: [books, dear diary...]
---
Sasha studied her wall, notes and pictures were scattered across the board. She had found a bunch of
online articles about the Adler's and their various business dealings, some were praise while others
were criticism. From what she could tell, it seemed like the Adler franchise wasn't entirely legal,
maybe even mostly illegal. She sighed, nothing connected them to her family.

"How does she know then?" Sasha murmured.

Uncle David popped in, "Not making any progress?"

"There's nothing to connect us with the Adler's."

"Hmm," He walked up to her board, "you got a lot of stuff here."

"Nothing that helps much."

"Just because you haven't found them yet doesn't mean they're not there. In fact, the harder they
are to find, the bigger the secret is."

Sasha frowned, "Or maybe there isn't anything to find, maybe I've been fooled and Jennifer doesn't
actually know anything."

"Is there a way you could check for sure?"

"I could just ask her about it, I guess."

"That young man did say he would take care of it, why don't you just wait and see what happens."

Sasha nodded, "That's the plan for now, but I still wanted to see if I could dig up some answers."

"Or maybe some," He nudged her, "blackmail material."

"No," She giggled, "Of course not. I'm not like that."

Uncle David smirked at her, "No, you would definitely *never* do that."

She playfully hit him, "Stop it."

"Okay, little crow."

Sasha groaned, "Not that again."

He laughed.

"There are so many other birds, why do you insist on 'crow?'"

"Because your aunt picked the only other one I would've used."

"And you both couldn't use it?"

"Nope." Uncle David grinned. "Besides, you remind me of a crow."

Sasha threw her hands up, "I'm done."
