---
title: Refinement Hurts
categories: Devotionals
---
{% blockquote New King James Version, Hebrews 12:1-2 %}
Therefore we also, since we are surrounded by so great a cloud of witnesses, let us lay aside every weight, and the sin which so easily ensnares us, and let us run with endurance the race that is set before us, 2 looking unto Jesus, the author, and finisher of our faith, who for the joy that was set before Him endured the cross, despising the shame, and has sat down at the right hand of the throne of God.
{% endblockquote %}

Ask a bunch of your friends, and you might start to see a pattern: most people hate running. It’s a pretty tough sport that many associate with pain and other negative things. Running is not for wimps and quitters, it will test you in many ways. It will test your endurance and perseverance. For you to be a good runner, you must be able to ignore the screaming pain in your legs, pay close attention to your breathing, be careful not to twist anything by sidestepping, and, above all that, you have to make sure you are eating a healthy diet. Not many people can get past the first step, persevering through pain. The pain is the biggest reason people hate running. Very few people actually enjoy the protesting of their muscles. But, why? Why do we have such a difficult job surviving pain? It’s because most people just don’t like pain. We have no problem dishing out some pain to others when they get on our nerves, but when it comes to receiving the same pain, we try to run from it. I believe the author of the book of Hebrews knew this, and he might have been one of those who hated running as well. Of all the sports in the world, running is probably the best sport to use