---
tags:
  - 📥/🌱
modified: 2024-01-22
---

> [!bible] [Matthew 16:26 - WEB](https://bible-api.com/Matthew+16:26?translation=web)
>  <sup> **26** </sup>For what will it profit a man, if he gains the whole world, and forfeits his life? Or what will a man give in exchange for his life?
 %% #Matthew %%

In the 1800s, the focus was not on the time we have here but on eternity and what we can do that will carry on to them. However, in the 1940s, the message switched to materialism and how we can make our lives better and how God can help us with anything. It became about profit and how God could give you anything. Ministers and pastors are more concerned about how much money they have, what the people want, who speaks at their church, how big the congregation is, etc. instead of focusing on God and what He wants.

> [!bible] [2 Peter 3:8-10 - WEB](https://bible-api.com/2+Peter+3:8-10?translation=web)
>  <sup> **8** </sup>But don’t forget this one thing, beloved, that one day is with the Lord as a thousand years, and a thousand years as one day. <sup> **9** </sup>The Lord is not slow concerning his promise, as some count slowness; but is patient with us, not wishing that any should perish, but that all should come to repentance. <sup> **10** </sup>But the day of the Lord will come as a thief in the night; in which the heavens will pass away with a great noise, and the elements will be dissolved with fervent heat, and the earth and the works that are in it will be burned up.
 %% #2 Peter %%

> [!bible] [Matthew 24:36-39 - WEB](https://bible-api.com/Matthew+24:36-39?translation=web)
>  <sup> **36** </sup>But no one knows of that day and hour, not even the angels of heaven, but my Father only. <sup> **37** </sup>“As the days of Noah were, so will be the coming of the Son of Man. <sup> **38** </sup>For as in those days which were before the flood they were eating and drinking, marrying and giving in marriage, until the day that Noah entered into the ship, <sup> **39** </sup>and they didn’t know until the flood came, and took them all away, so will be the coming of the Son of Man.
 %% #Matthew %%

Are you focused on the here and now or on eternity and God? Are you listening to the gentle promptings on the Holy Spirit? When another Noah comes to warn you, will you be listening? When God speaks to you, do you listen? When Judgement Day comes make sure you are ready to meet the Lord. It costs nothing to get in the Ark, you only have to listen and go when you are called.

Money doesn’t save you. Whether or not you are poor doesn’t matter. How famous you are means nothing. Being a powerful leader gets you nothing. The only thing that gets you saved is knowimg Jesus as your Savior, your Lord. When the doors to the Ark close, are you going to be with those inside thanking the Lord for His mercy or will you be outside laughing and mocking those crazy enough to believe in some fairytale?

There are those who listened to Noah preach every day, yet never entered the Ark. The builders and carpenters who helped Noah never entered the Ark. Noah’s closest friends didn’t make it. The only ones who made it was a small handful of people who believed that the words Noah spoke were truly from the Lord.

The same rain that destroyed everything lifted Noah and his family up to the heavens.
