---
modified: 2023-11-16
tags:
  - 📥/🌱
---

> [!bible] [Acts 2:1-4 - WEB](https://bible-api.com/Acts+2:1-4?translation=web)
>  <sup> **1** </sup>Now when the day of Pentecost had come, they were all with one accord in one place. <sup> **2** </sup>Suddenly there came from the sky a sound like the rushing of a mighty wind, and it filled all the house where they were sitting. <sup> **3** </sup>Tongues like fire appeared and were distributed to them, and one sat on each of them. <sup> **4** </sup>They were all filled with the Holy Spirit, and began to speak with other languages, as the Spirit gave them the ability to speak.
 %% #Acts %%

## [[The Feast of Pentecost]]

- One of the three feasts God ordained for all able-bodied male Israelites (Lev 23)
- Comes 50 days after the feast of First-Fruits
- Often called Feast of Weeks
- One feast God required Israel to include “leaven” in the offering

## The Real Power of Pentecost

- The “real” power is a Person - the Holy Spirit, the 3rd member of the Godhead
- The “lasting” power is the unhindered work of the Holy Spirit
- We are all baptized in the Holy Spirit upon saving faith
- In the Greek, baptized is in the aorist tense (1 Cor 12:13)

> [!bible] [Ephesians 1:13-14 - WEB](https://bible-api.com/Ephesians+1:13-14?translation=web)
>  <sup> **13** </sup>In him you also, having heard the word of the truth, the Good News of your salvation—in whom, having also believed, you were sealed with the promised Holy Spirit, <sup> **14** </sup>who is a pledge of our inheritance, to the redemption of God’s own possession, to the praise of his glory.
 %% #Ephesians %%

- God shows up in many ways
- The Hebrew word “Ruah” means **spirit, wind, or breath**
- The Greek word “Pneuma” means **spirit, wind, or breath**
- Hebrew & Greek have no interdependence or relation whatsoever

## The Manifestation of Tongues of Fire

- physical manifestation of the Holy Spirit
- why fire? God makes mamy appearances in the form of fire in the OT
	- the burning bush
	- the Shekinah Glory of God - God manifested Himself to Israel by a cloud by day and a fire by night
- it gave the Apostles the supernatural ability to speak in a language unknown to the speakers but understood but the listeners

> [!bible] [Acts 2:5-13 - WEB](https://bible-api.com/Acts+2:5-13?translation=web)
>  <sup> **5** </sup>Now there were dwelling in Jerusalem Jews, devout men, from every nation under the sky. <sup> **6** </sup>When this sound was heard, the multitude came together, and were bewildered, because everyone heard them speaking in his own language. <sup> **7** </sup>They were all amazed and marveled, saying to one another, “Behold, aren’t all these who speak Galileans? <sup> **8** </sup>How do we hear, everyone in our own native language? <sup> **9** </sup>Parthians, Medes, Elamites, and people from Mesopotamia, Judea, Cappadocia, Pontus, Asia, <sup> **10** </sup>Phrygia, Pamphylia, Egypt, the parts of Libya around Cyrene, visitors from Rome, both Jews and proselytes, <sup> **11** </sup>Cretans and Arabians: we hear them speaking in our languages the mighty works of God!” <sup> **12** </sup>They were all amazed, and were perplexed, saying to one another, “What does this mean?” <sup> **13** </sup>Others, mocking, said, “They are filled with new wine.”
 %% #Acts %%

- On this day there were Jews from Media, Persia, Mesopotamia, Cappadocia, Pontus and Asia, Phrygia and Pamphylia, Egypt and Libya, some from Rome and even some Cretans and Arabs
- the gift of tongues appears to be the exact reversal of the Tower of Babel
- God didn’t scatter the people at Babel because they were trying to build a tower “to heaven,” they were building a ziggurat to see the stars like the Aztecs and the Mayans (in the future). He scattered them because they wouldn’t spread out

## Summary and Significance

> The Father sends the Holy Spirit to seal and endow the Church with spiritual power, that we might be the Body of Jesus Christ on the earth…

- The gift of tongues was and is man speaking to God, not the other way around
- [[The Day of Pentecost]] is a picture of God’s amazing grace to save the lost
