content/30-39 Worldbuilding/Ilmaria/_index.md, before:

---
title: Ilmaria
description: ""
date: 2024-10-14T09:46:00
lastmod: 2024-11-02T22:00:56
banner: 
tags:
  - world
  - dashboard
categories:
  - tree
---
  
Ilmaria is a vast and vibrant fantasy world teeming with magic, ancient wonders, and diverse cultures. From its towering crystal spires to its lush, enchanted forests, Ilmaria captivates the hearts and imaginations of all who traverse its lands. This world is as dangerous as it is beautiful, with mystical creatures and hidden secrets lurking in every corner.  
  
It's a land of endless adventure and mystery, where magic weaves through every aspect of life and the natural world holds countless secrets. Its diverse landscapes and cultures create a rich tapestry of stories, waiting to be discovered by those brave enough to explore its wonders.  
  
%% Begin Waypoint %%  
  
- **geography**  
- [Creatures Found Within Ilmaria](./i-creatures.md)  
- [Ilmaria's Geography](./i-geography.md)  
- [Magical Systems Within Ilmaria](./i-magical-systems.md)  
- [Ilmaria-basic-map.png](./Ilmaria-basic-map.png)  
- [Sunaara Desert](./sunaara-desert.md)  
- [YwCh3l08OrDAS2tdLjE9--1--sspyn.jpg](./YwCh3l08OrDAS2tdLjE9--1--sspyn.jpg)  
  
%% End Waypoint %%

Commit message:

[Enveloppe] Update site #41
* PUSH NOTE : Ilmaria.md

* PUSH NOTE : REL1010.md

* DELETE FILE : content/10-19 Study Notes/12 Apologetics/APO391/APO391 Syllabus 2024.pdf

* DELETE FILE : content/10-19 Study Notes/12 Apologetics/APO391/New Introduction to Islam, A.pdf

* DELETE FILE : content/10-19 Study Notes/13 English and Communication/COM101/The Lost Art of the Great Speech -- Richard Dowis -- Anna’s Archive.pdf

* DELETE FILE : content/10-19 Study Notes/13 English and Communication/COM101/vocal skills pocketbook.pdf

* DELETE FILE : content/20-29 Prose/Fiction/Ilmaria/Characters/images/aric-shadowbane.jpg

* DELETE FILE : content/20-29 Prose/Fiction/Ilmaria/Characters/images/arion-thorne.jpg

* DELETE FILE : content/20-29 Prose/Fiction/Ilmaria/Characters/images/elara-drakenwood.jpg

* DELETE FILE : content/20-29 Prose/Fiction/Ilmaria/Characters/images/lyriana-aurelia.jpg

* DELETE FILE : content/20-29 Prose/Fiction/Ilmaria/Characters/images/seraphina-vantus.jpg

* DELETE FILE : content/30-39 Worldbuilding/Ilmaria/Ilmaria-basic-map.png

* DELETE FILE : content/30-39 Worldbuilding/Ilmaria/YwCh3l08OrDAS2tdLjE9--1--sspyn.jpg

content/30-39 Worldbuilding/Ilmaria/_index.md, after:

---
title: Ilmaria
description: A vast and vibrant fantasy world teeming with magic, ancient wonders, and diverse cultures. From its towering crystal spires to its lush, enchanted forests, Ilmaria captivates the hearts and imaginations of all who traverse its lands. This world is as dangerous as it is beautiful, with mystical creatures and hidden secrets lurking in every corner.
date: 2024-10-14T09:46:00
lastmod: 2024-11-22T15:50:37
banner: 
tags: 
categories:
  - tree
  - world
---
  
Ilmaria is a vast and vibrant fantasy world teeming with magic, ancient wonders, and diverse cultures. From its towering crystal spires to its lush, enchanted forests, Ilmaria captivates the hearts and imaginations of all who traverse its lands. This world is as dangerous as it is beautiful, with mystical creatures and hidden secrets lurking in every corner.  
  
It's a land of endless adventure and mystery, where magic weaves through every aspect of life and the natural world holds countless secrets. Its diverse landscapes and cultures create a rich tapestry of stories, waiting to be discovered by those brave enough to explore its wonders.
