---
title: 5.
book: kaa
published: false
---
Teagan still wasn't back by the time I was finished with my meal and dessert. Steak, mashed potatoes, corn, green beans, pumpkin pie, and ice cream made up one of my favorites meals.

For a while, I just sat and debated whether I should look for him. His outburst earlier made little sense, and I wasn't sure if I wanted to risk another one. I sighed and rubbed my eyes. *I was stuck someplace with a guy who could read minds! Read. Minds. Talk about supernatural. How am I* not *going crazy?* I should at least be freaking out, but, instead, I was just tired. I couldn't figure out if I wanted to wake up or stay asleep, if I was even sleeping. *Oh my gosh, what if I am awake? What if this is real?* I sighed again, *yeah, right.*

I stared at the walls and the table for a few minutes before letting my gaze rest on the door. Doors were not working for me today, and I didn't know if I wanted to give them a chance to let me down again. If it was open, where would I go? If it was locked, wouldn't that just be more frustrating? Curiosity got the best of me, again, and I tried the door.

*Is it pathetic that I nearly did a little jump when the door smoothly opened at my touch?* I giggled a little, *should I care?* I glanced out the empty hallway, now what? It also seemed like I would be pushing my luck if I tried another door, what if I got locked in somewhere, *again*? And then there was still the matter of the bossy, unreasonable guy who owned the place. I glanced back into the dining hall. His food was still where he left it, probably cold by now.

I bit my lip
