---
title: Pay Attention, Caden
date: 2021-01-04
---
Caden stormed out of Sasha's house and tried to stay calm and rational as he got into his car. *I'm going to kill her, I'm going to kill that little brat! How dare she!*

He grabbed his phone from his pocket and dialed his own house. One of the staff picked up immediately, "Yes, sir?"

"Where is Miss Adler" Caden snapped.

"She is in the east sitting room with a few guests."

"Guests?"

"Three young women, classmates, I believe."

"Of course."

"The master was asking for you during lunch, sir."

Caden sighed, *what did* he *want.* "I had a prior engagement."

"He wishes to see you the moment you return."

"Whatever, anything else?"

"No, sir."

Caden hung up. First, he'd deal with his half-sister. Then, he'd see what his father wanted, if he was in the mood for it.

---

Caden walked through the front door of the Adler home and immediately rolled his eyes. Jason, one of his father's close employees, was waiting in the hall for him.

"Caden, where have you been? Your father has been asking for you."

Caden sighed, "If it's so urgent, he could've spared a couple of minutes to call me himself."

"He did, and he was sent to voicemail."

"Oh, right," Caden smirked, "he's on my blacklist."

"Caden..."

"Jason..."

The two glared at each other. Caden almost felt bad for the thirty-year-old who had practically lived with the Adler family for decades. Wherever the Adler family went, Jason and some of the other beloved staff followed, no questions asked.

"You need to respect your father, he's... trying."

Caden scoffed and stepped around the other man, "Yeah, well, it's kinda hard to notice when he's always degrading you whenever he sees you. Not to mention his whole stance that says 'Get out of my sight, you worthless boy.'"

Jason sighed and followed, "He does need to speak to you."

"And I need to speak to his most prized pupil."

"What has she done?"

"What? I only talk to her when she's done something?"

"Generally, with that attitude, yes."

"Attitude?"

"You are tense, like you're ready to hit something. And it's not because of your father, this is a different sort of tension."

Caden smiled, "You know me so well, Jason."

Sounds of giggling drifted down the hallway. Caden grimaced and took a deep breath before he pushed open the door to one of their many sitting rooms. Sure enough, four girls stoppe their chattering to look up at him. Caden ignored them all and focused on Jennifer.

"We need to talk. Now."

The brat in question slowly lowered her glass, "About what? I'm in the middle of something, *brother.*"

"I'm asking nicely."

Jennifer laughed, "Nicely? Dear brother, you need another lesson on manners."

"Me? What about you? I doubt manipulation and being a pain in the ass is part of that class."

Jennifer glared at him, "Is that what this is about? That, *girl.*"

Caden glared right back at her. The way she said 'girl' like Sasha was some ugly little urchin had Caden's blood boiling. He knew she could see it in his eyes, just a little more and he'd snap in front of her "friends," to hellwith the consequences.

"Fine," she sighed and stood up from her chair, "I shall be back ladies."

"Or not." Caden growled.

Jennifer ignored him and walked out into the hallway. "Careful, dog, I'm sure Father would love to hear that you snapped in front of some guests over such a mundane issue."

"Mundane?" Caden nearly grabbed her throat, "Why must you make my life and the lives of others so excrutiatingly difficult? Leave. Sasha. Alone."

"Aww, that's so cute. Your growl sounds so threatening, and your eyes practically scream murder. What *are* you going to do, big brother? Rip me into shreds?"

Caden laughed, "There are a dozen things I could do to you, little sis, and you know it."

"But you won't, because you can't."

"You little―"

"It has little to do with you anyway. The fact that you two like each other is pure coincidence."

"Right... don't lie to me, Jennifer. You just enjoy being a big, painful, bloody thorn in my side."

"It's not my fault you're so stupid and reckless."

"What's *that* supposed to mean?"

"You should know."

"So, I need to be more like you, is that it? Bratty, manipulative, and a control freak like your father?"

"Well, I'm not frowned upon and considered a failure, am I?"

Caden scoffed, "Yeah, sure, as long as you look a wonderful success to everyone who is an Adler, no one else matters."

"Of course not, who else carries the Adler legacy besides the Adler's themselves?"

"You really are a heartless witch."

"And you are a worthless dog who cares little about his own family."

"What *family?*"

"You are an Adler whether you like it or not and―"

"What do you know about family?"

"Family sticks together no matter―"

"Shut up, Jennifer, this isn't a family, it's a―"

"*What* is going on here?"

Caden gritted his teeth and turned to his father, "None of your business."

"Caden is upset, as usual." Jennifer replied.

"You should have been in my office two hours ago, Caden."

Caden fought the urge to slap that smile off of Jennifer's little face, "I was busy."

"Busy with what?"

Jennifer giggled, "He was busy listening to his crush sob about her life."

"Shut up, witch!" snapped Caden.

"Enough! Both of you." Their father interrupted, "Caden, in my office, now."

He turned and walked back from where he came. Caden glared at Jennifer as he followed.

Jason had disappeared and Caden tried to gain control of the scolding fire that laced through his veins. The two rounded a corner and Caden's father opened the door to the master office.

"Sit." His father commanded.

Caden obeyed and crossed his arms.

His father sat across the desk, laced his fingers together, and studied his son. Caden held his father's gaze and the two sat in silence for awhile.

"Are you aware of the heritage of the girl you're 'crushing' on?"

Every muscle in Caden's body tensed, "What does she have to do with this?"

"You didn't answer my question?"

Caden thought back. Sasha's last name was Beckett, he didn't see anything alarming about that. "I don't know what you're referring to."

"Of course you don't, you don't pay attention as well as your sister does."

"If this is another degrading speech, I'll pass. I have other, better, things to do then listen to this."

His father sighed and leaned back in his chair. "Sasha's last name isn't Beckett, that's her uncle's last name. She took it after her parents disappeared and she was taken in by her father's brother."

"So?"

"Sasha's parents' disappearance is still a mystery. No one is sure of what happened to them, they just vanished."

Caden could tell his father was waiting for something to sink it, but Caden still drew a blank. "Again, so?"

"Her parents were Aaron and Victoria Broadmoor."

Caden froze. *Perfect.*

