---
title: 5. So. Be. It.
book: dd
---
Brandon Adler watched his son. It didn't seem like Caden had known about Ms. Beckett's true identity, though the boy was a good actor when he wished to be.

Caden shifted, "Is that why Jennifer is terrorizing her?"

"Perhaps," He took a sip of his coffee, "She recognized Ms. Beckett immediately."

"And this matters because?"

Brandon fought the urge to throttle his son. Arrogant as he was, Caden was truly very smart when he wished to be. But their relationship hadn't been good lately, Caden would use anything to be angry at his father and widen the gulf between them. So, Brandon took a deep breath and calmed himself.

"It matters because the Broadmoor's could very well be alive, and we don't know what their daughter knows."

"Big deal, if you didn't screw up the family name even further, this wouldn't matter."

Ice coated Brandon's veins, the arrogance of this boy was astounding. "Watch your tongue."

"Why? Isn't it common knowledge? Or are you still trying to cover it up?"

Brandon glared at his son, "That 'common knowledge' could destroy _you_."

Caden rolled his eyes, "Funny, I thought Jennifer would be your named heir by now since she's so obedient and shadows you completely."

"Is that your game then? Do you honestly think none of this affects you? You would rather let Jennifer take over without a fight?"

Caden shrugged, "I didn't think I had much of a choice since I refuse to be like you or her."

"You would just toss away all that power? For what? Ease of mind? A clear conscience?" Brandon chuckled, "You will find that very difficult in this day and age, no one has both a clear conscience and a happy life."

"At least I wouldn't be feared or hated."

"Is that what we are now?"

"Look around, just because we have money and others smile in our faces doesn't mean they adore us. We were in Albany for only seven months before we were practically chased out."

"That was merely a business venture gone wrong, it happens."

"Oh, sure, and why did it 'go wrong?' Ever stop to think about that?"

"I played my cards too quickly."

"Or maybe it was because you were cheating and blackmailing people!"

"Don't raise your voice at me, boy."

Caden launched up out of his seat, "That's the problem with you people! You don't care about anyone else but yourselves, sometimes, not even your own family!"

Brandon stood up as well, "How dare you!"

"That's why mother died miserable and alone―"

"What!"

"You didn't care enough to see the signs or listen to reason! All you've ever cared about is what benefits you!"

Brandon slammed his fist on the desk, "That's enough!"

Caden didn't so much as flinch, "Is it?"

"Get with the program, Caden! This is business, the very cornerstone of the Adler's wealth. I won't take this outright rebellion from you for much longer.

"Then don't."

"You _are_ my son, and you _will_ uphold the family line."

"And be controlled by you? You really don't know me, _father._ I'm tired of being controlled by fear, and I will _never_ conform to your molds."

"Then you will be disowned and thrown out with _nothing._"

"So be it."

Brandon stared in disbelief at his son, "You're joking! Don't be foolish, Caden."

"Why not? You've already called me far worse names."

"You will have _nothing,_ do you understand that?"

"I won't have _nothing,_ I'll have freedom and a clear conscience. I'll be free to amass my own fortune by good, clean, _legal_ standards."

Brandon scoffed, "That's a fool's dream, entirely pointless and impossible."

"Are you deaf? So. Be. It." Caden stormed out of the office, slamming the door behind him.

Brandon Adler grabbed his glass and threw it at the door. _The nerve of that boy! Did he not understand what he was practically throwing away? Did he really believe that he could survive on his own without the Adler name? Caden was a bigger idiot than I thought._

There was a knock at the door.

"What?" Brandon snapped.

Jason entered the room, ignoring the glass on the carpet and the large dent in the desk. "I heard
everything, sir."

"Does he truly think he can get away with this disrespect?! As if he could really survive without _my_ name and _my_ money."

"He is young, sir, an adult who is filled with anger."

Brandon collapsed in his chair, "Young and utterly stupid."

"Perhaps, sir, if I may make a suggestion."

Brandon waved his hand, "Speak."

"Perhaps, you should give him what he wants. Let him get a good idea of what it would be like apart from the Adler legacy."

"I've thought of that, it might be more troublesome. Caden needs to be monitored and controlled, not let loose."

"And you've been controlling him recently?"

Brandon sighed. Jason was one of the very few who question his actions, mostly because the man had good insight.

"Perhaps, you could take away certain amenities little by little until he realizes the brashness of his actions."

Brandon thought for a moment, "He doesn't use much of those amenities, to begin with."

"But, there are a few he does still use, and I'm sure taking them away will make things very difficult for the boy."

"I'm listening."
