---
title: III
date: 2022-01-28
---
The general studied the army approaching Carlhaven's borders. His own army waited down below for the first defensive wave. The sun was slowly disappearing from the horizon, and it was predicted that the advancing forces would reach the outer border when the sun finally disappeared. The captain scowled, this battle wouldn't last far into the night, a complete waste of time; but if the lessors wished to test the might of the fae, Rothilion Ennan will be happy to oblige.
<!-- more -->
"General?"

Rothilion turned to the soldier, "What?"

The soldier handed him a letter, "The Circle has sent word."

Rothilion scanned through the letter, "When was this delivered?"

"Just now, sir, I rushed it to you immediately."

"The Circle thinks we need assistance with these lessors." Rothilion growled.

"Sir?"

"Those lessors have an ancient weapon, one so old that Vulas Farwynn's son is coming to assist us."

"This angers you, sir?"

"Of course it does!" Rothilion snapped, "Carlhaven has *never* needed assistance to defend its own border! These walls have stood for centuries, an army of lessors isn't going to change that. For the Circle to be sending their own army suggests that the lessors are stronger than I."

"What will you do about it?"

"The Circle of the Five Realms has spoken, there is nothing I can do other than my job. But..." He thought for a moment, "Prepare my horse and the defenders, we will not wait for the Circle to arrive."

The soldier bowed, "Yes, sir."

---

From her viewpoint in the clouds, Nixarza could see Carlhaven in all its glory without being spotted by the mighty towers. The multi-level fortress had some of the strongest reinforced walls she had ever seen. It had grown much in the last seven centuries, when it was merely a village. She had watched the first walls rise up, and even helped with development. Now, that small village had grown into a thriving stronghold that rivaled those older than it. Nixarza sighed, she could not, would not, destroy those walls.

A slight tug called her back down to V치lgr's side. She had barely landed before he began questioning her. "How thick are the walls?"

*'Thicker than your skull.'* She replied sweetly.

"And how thick is that?" V치lgr growled back.

She smiled, *'Thicker than average.'*

"Stop with games! Can you destroy them or not?"

*'No'*

V치lgr glared at her, "You cannot, or you will not?"

*'Does it matter?'*

He grabbed her by the throat, "I do not care how you get my army through those walls, but if they fail, I will gut you, slowly."

She growled, *'Try me, troll.'*

"There are many ways I could make you beg for mercy."

Nixarza broke his grip, *'Do not forget, I am an Ancient.'*

"And yet," he smirked, "you are *my* slave."

*'Not for long, troll. Mark my words, you won't live to see many more battles.'*

V치lgr laughed, "Who's going to kill me?"

---

Faelyn Farwynn, High Prince of the Shadow Realm, and his second, Folluin Zingolor, prepared their small army of about four hundred elite warriors. All were dressed in the traditional grays of the Shadow Court and equipped with twin ebony blades. Those with higher ranks, like Faelyn and Folluin also bore scythes crafted with the finest metals. Together, they waited to open the ley lines and join the battle.

"When will we open the ley lines?" Folluin asked his Prince.

Faelyn answered, "When the walls of Carlhaven are breached."

"You expect Rothilion to fail?"

"Rothilion Ennan is a capable general, but he has only lived for a few centuries. His pride constantly blinds him, as does his true enemy.

"True enemy?"

Faelyn turned to his second, "An Ancient fights with the enemy, a being said to have been created in the Nameless Realm. She was there when the walls of Carlhaven were built and understands their structure, including the tunnels that lay underneath the city."

"An Ancient from the Nameless Realm? I have not heard of this. And regarding the tunnels, most have been blocked, while the rest are guarded."

"The Ancient's creation and very existence has been shrouded in secrecy and mere speculation, even I did not know of this until a few hours ago. It was thought that her rare kind were annihilated three thousand years ago, yet she remains and has been hiding in secret."

"Have you seen her?"

"No, but my father has."

"What else do you know?"

"It is a matter for the Circle and the Circle only, even I know very little. But, I have overheard that she could be part fae, perhaps High-born, and communicates telepathically. Her appearance also resembles a bird of some sort."

Folluin nodded, "If that is all we know, We are in for a true battle."

A cry went up among the ranks, Carlhaven's walls had been breached, and the ley lines were to be activated immediately."

"Yes," Faelyn agreed, "a true battle indeed."