---
title: IV
date: {}
published: true
---
Azura was used to watching a battle from the skies, but this one was... interesting. What had given the Lesser Army an advantage against all their enemies was their unique lack of strategy. Each army acted, mostly, independent of each other; both were working towards the same goal, just using their own methods. There was no strategizing between armies, no organizing, nothing; it was chaos. And from her perch in the sky, Azura kept watch on all this chaos, and made sure it was all going towards the right direction, while staying hidden in the clouds. She sighed, despite her unwillingness to participate in this particular war, she wanted to do something; even her magic ached to be released. Watching from the sky was boring, she'd rather be fighting something. Sadly, the only beings in the sky were the gargoyles and the few jotunns that towered above the ground. Azura sighed again, *boring.* Her magic fluttered, and her eyes caught a flash of light zip across the ground. She smirked, the ley lines were being activated, things were about to get more interesting.

Azura's smirk only grew when the first fae appeared, dressed in the gray of the Shadow Court. *Looks like Válgr got much more than he bargained for.* She laughed.

Speaking of the jotunn, his boasting turned into bellowing when he noticed the small band of fae quickly tearing through his forces. The warriors of the Shadow Court, though few, were the most elite of the fae; no court surpassed their skill and cunning. Válgr had great reason to panic. And he did, summoning her at once.

Azura landed next to him, *"Is something wrong, oh great commander?"*

Válgr growled and swung at her, "Why is the Shadow Court here, witch!"

Azura easily dance away from him, *"To test the might of the mighty Válgr, perhaps?"*

"They would've sent another court, any other court! Not their elite!"

Azura shrugged, *"They're bored, perhaps."*

"You and your 'perhaps!' They wouldn't have sent their elite unless they *knew* you were here."

Azura shrugged again, *"One cannot keep such secrets from the fae that easily."*

"You-"

"Válgr!" shrieked a gargoyle, "What are we to do? We are being plowed through like wheat!"

Azura scoffed, being plowed like wheat by beings who couldn't go higher than eight feet? Despicable.

"We must retreat!" cried an ogre, "Retreat or die!"

"No!" Válgr turned to Azura, "You caused this, and you will fix it."

Azura feigned innocence, *"I have done nothing."*

"Perhaps *that* is what you did wrong."

*"I'm your solution to everything, aren't I? You're not that powerful, are you, Válgr?"*

"Go." He growled.

Azura rolled her eyes, laughed, and took off. It wasn't that she didn't want to get close to the Shadow fae, she just didn't want it to be on someone else's terms. She smiled, it didn't matter, it was time to let the Realms that she was alive. That she had returned.

Azura didn't even try to hide as she flew over the Shadow fae. She hovered over them and scanned their faces. She recognized no one, and none recognized her. That's when she felt it, a small tendril of magic brushing against hers. She turned towards the general direction, her eyes latched on to a young fae watching her a few yards away. Azura's breath caught, the fae was beautiful, and familiar. His magic, no longer hesitant, continued brushing up against hers. Her own magic brushed up against his, testing. He was familiar... but different. His magic was unlike his fae brethren, and it called to hers.

*"Who are you?"*

---

Faelynn glanced around him, his army was making quick work of the Lessers who were trying to breach the wall. It was far too easy; completely a waste of his time and the Shadow Army's skills. He sighed, *much too boring,* he thought. *There must be something worth...* His eyes caught on a winged being heading towards them. Faelynn turned to face it, *What is that?* The being hovered in the sky a few yards away. It appeared female, with green skin and long, curly hair. If it wasn't for her wings and her legs, he would've thought she was a dracaena. Perhaps, she was a hybrid, or a draconian? He had never heard of dracaena hybrids that had a primarily humanoid appearance. But that wasn't the only thing off about her, the other was her magic. Faelynn had never felt some much raw power coiled in one being. His father had taught him to conceal his magic, to never reveal the full depth of his power. She seemed to hide nothing, or did she? Faelynn's magic slowly surrounded hers, testing, sensing, look for weakness. She glanced at him.

For a moment, the two just watched each other. Their magic danced around them, testing, sensing.

*"Who are you?"*

Faelynn blinked, she had spoken straight to his mind with no hesitation. "What are you?" He countered.

She just continued to look at him, offering no answer, and Faelynn did the same.

A battle cry broke them from the stare down. Faelynn spotted Rothilion who was trying to gather the army. Faelynn didn't feel any excitement as he sighed, *what now?*

*"You are the Shadow Prince, the son of Vulas."*

Faelynn glanced back at the winged creature. Something in her tone warned him to tread carefully. "And you are?" He asked.

The being smiled, and it was surprisingly beautiful. *"Azura."*

"I don't know an Azura."

*"You wouldn't, only your father and his inner court would remember."*

Faelynn frowned again. "What are you?"

Rothilion's cry sounded again. *"You should help them."* Azura smirked.

"With what?" Faelynn glanced towards the general, who looked angry and was desperately calling for his troops.

Azura just laughed and flew towards the band of fae rallying around their general.

Faelynn narrowed his eyes at her. Her position in the sky must have given her insight into what Rothilion was so riled up about. Faelynn snarled, if was probably nothing. Unless... he had forgotten about the supposed Ancient that fought with the Lessers. Perhaps that was what Rothilion was yelling about. Hopefully, whatever it was, would be worth the skills of the Shadow Court.