# Ephesus, the Passionless Church

Ephesus was a church founded by [[Apollos]] and empowered by [[Paul]] during his third missionary journey. Located in a harbor along [[the Aegean Sea]], it was more culturally favored than [[Smyrna]] and more politically powerful than [[Pergamum]]. It became the most prominent church in [[Asia Minor]] as well as a commercial and cultural center. The [[Temple of Artemis]], one of the [[seven wonders of the world]], was also located here.

[[Jesus]] called it the church that had abandoned the love and passion they had for Him in the beginning. Even though they were hard-working and constantly testing and rebuking false prophets, like the [[Nicolaitans]], they were no longer doing it for the right reasons. They had forgotten that truth and love go together. Jesus gave them three commands–remember the former passion, repent, and start over again.

The lesson from this church is that Jesus knows our works and our struggles, He sees all that we go through. If we stray from His Word, He will remove our lamp stand from His Presence, and we will no longer stand as a witness to the world. Nevertheless, if we cling to Him, we will receive eternal life.


[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[Smyrna]: smyrna.md "Smyrna, the Suffering Church"
[Pergamum]: pergamum.md "Pergamum, the Compromising Church, Satan's City"
[Asia Minor]: <../../../../00-09 System/09 Inbox/Asia Minor.md> "Asia Minor"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
