# 4. Magic Exists?

It took me about ten minutes before I got up and started trying the doors. All the ones that actually led somewhere were locked, and only three out of eight were unlocked―the doors to the bedroom, sitting room, and hallway. There were windows in the sitting room and the hallway, but those windows were barred with glass panels on the inside that could be opened to let air in. It was through those that I discovered it was nearly evening.

Frustrated was not the right word to describe me, right now; I was angry, utterly mad. This wasn't the first time I was in this predicament, but I had sure thought it wasn't going to happen again. Well, obviously, I was too dumb and naive on that matter. Of course, it was going to happen again! Eventually, and, give it some time, I would be right back where I started. This was starting to look like my destiny, and I wanted nothing more than to rebel against it. Honestly, why me? What had I done? Maybe Death was angry because I got away? He was obviously enjoying the challenge.

It felt pathetic to be sitting in bed fuming, but I didn't have anything better to be doing. Every door I found was already thoroughly tried, and there wasn't much of a point in trying them all again. Eight doors, eight different locks, eight different avenues of escape. I wasn't even sure what part of the "castle" I was in, let alone how big it was. This was *perfect.* Perhaps I would be left to starve and Carlos would show up to be my golden savior and all that crap. *Good luck getting me back, jerk.*

I watched as the sun kissed the horizon, I had always loved sunsets and sunrises. The sun said goodbye to one side of his life and hello to another, it was like he had two lives to juggle and had found a way to manage both. It reminded me of those years when I had first met Carlos; I had struggled to juggle my day-life and my night-life. Four months later, I stopped trying. Carlos had been like a force of nature, controlling everything within its grasp. He sought to control me too, but I was never his to have. That's why, when I got my chance, I fled and never looked back. He had been furious. Furious that I had escaped. Furious that I never returned. It didn't take long for the apology cards and the flowers to start showing up at my new apartment. I moved three times because of them. He always seemed to find me, though. I probably had a tracker somewhere, or he had access to some government files and equipment. I stopped caring after a while; I wasn't going back, and he had to deal with that. He needed to learn that I couldn't be bought back, or scared into his arms. Carlos was a force of nature, and I learned how to adapt and combat him. It still surprised me, how I escaped. I didn't think it would work, but a force of nature could become predictable, it seemed. And now, I would have to learn to adapt all over again to combat this new force, and whatever it brought with it.

It wasn't until three hours later that I heard footsteps outside my bedroom. I still hadn't figured out what to tell Mr. Psycho, or what to do about him. So, I just stayed under the sheets when he walked in.

"Are you still alive?"

I scoffed at that. *What, did he think I'd go insane and strangle myself with the bedsheets?*

"That was a thought, yes."

I stilled, *he could read thoughts now?*

"I could always do that, especially when someone broadcasted them so easily.

*Huh, maybe I did go insane.*

He chuckled, "I doubt it, you just need to reach past the confines of your mundane mind and recognize its possibilities."

"If that were true, wouldn't most 'insane' people just be 'enlightened' or something?" I mumbled.

"If their minds hadn't broken under all the pressure, yes."

I grabbed a pillow and placed it over my head. *This is crazy.* "Go away."

"Do you not wish to have dinner? I will give you a tour afterward."

I sat up, "Seriously? Wouldn't you be afraid that I will escape?"

He chuckled, "The only way you could escape is if I allowed it."

*That sounds like Carlos. And he was wrong.*

"Who is Carlos? You mention him a lot."

"Get out of my head," I snapped.

"Close your mind."

*Am I really telling a guy to stop reading my mind? That's impossible.*

"And yet, I am reading yours."

I just stared at him. *I must finally be having a mental breakdown. It took a while, but I am now breaking under all the stress. Sad, really. After everything that I've been through and this is what cracks me.*

Mr. Psycho rolled his eyes, "Get over it, Marissa. There are some things in life that fiction did not invent."

"And mind-reading is one of them?"

He raised an eyebrow.

"What else, then?"

"You will discover that on your own." He smiled. "A mystery for you to solve."

"Great, something to keep me up at night."

"Come," He reached out his hand to me.

I ignored it and got off the bed, *if I'm going crazy, might as well roll with it.* "You never did tell me your name. If I'm going to be staying here, I need to know what to call you."

He walked out of the room, "You may call me 'master.'"

I laughed, "Yeah, good luck. Try again."

He opened door number four and ushered me in, "Teagan."

"That's your name? Teagan?"

"Yes."

We walked into a dining hall. There was a table big enough to seat fifteen or twenty people. More artwork lined the walls, pictures of people and battles.

"Teagan is... sweet."

"My mother cherished it."

"Was that your mother, in the painting?"

"Yes."

"So, that was your family. Where are the others?"

Teagan's face was stern as he pulled out a chair for me.

I sat down and watched him take his seat.

"My family is none of your concern."

I frowned. *He's hiding something.* Perhaps they were dead, and he didn't want to talk about it. I could understand that, even if I was curious.

"Do you live in this house all alone, then?"

"You are here."

"Before me."

He gazed at me, "Why all the questions?"

"Is that an actual question or a statement?"

He just watched me.

"I'm curious about you and this place, duh."

"Why?"

"Because I'm here and you're here. Naturally, I'm curious about this new environment."

"Just eat, Marissa." He sighed.

"But there's no-"

He snapped his fingers and plates full of food popped into existence.

I jumped and nearly overturned the wine in front of my place. "What, how did-"

"Eat, Marissa." He picked up his fork.

I stared at the food and back at him. *I am going crazy! He just made food appear out of thin air! How is that even possible? Does magic exist?* There were a thousand things I wanted to say, but one look at Teagan had me closing my mouth and tentatively picking at my food.

My first bite was pure heaven. Steak *never* tasted that good! And it was just how I liked it. I *had* to be dreaming. *Or, maybe... magic is real.*

I stopped eating and stared at my food. "Is this food really here, or is it an illusion?"

"An illusion would defeat the purpose of you eating."

"So, you made food appear out of nowhere?"

Teagan sighed, "No, it didn't appear from nowhere. The cook made it and I just transported it to the table."

"There's a cook? Here?"

"Not another word," He pointed his fork at me, "until you eat half of the food on your plate."

I made a pouting face and shoved food into my mouth. *Bossy, psychopathic jerk.*

"I mean it, Marissa, let me eat in peace."

"I didn't say anything!"

"Thinking counts."

"Are you kidding me? How am I supposed to stop thinking? Stop reading my mind, that's your problem."

"Stop broadcasting."

"Sure, I'll just stop 'broadcasting' right now, it's super easy, and I've been doing it since I was a kid."

Teagan glared at me, "Stop, or I will give you neurological brain damage, and you won't have to worry about it ever again."

I glared back at him, "You wouldn't dare!"

"I could reverse it when I felt like it. Go ahead, try me."

We continued to glare at each other. *Why is he being like this? It's not like I'm purposely throwing thoughts at him! And if I knew how to stop it, I would. He's being unreasonable.*

"Just, shut up!" Teagan stood up and stormed out of the room.

I blinked, *I hadn't even said anything.* I looked at my plate, I was halfway finished.
