---
title: Sunday, March 26, 2023
date: 2023-03-26
categories: [sermon]
tags: [BT]
---

> Matthew 16:26 - What good will it be to gain the whole world yet lose your soul? What can anyone give in exchange for their soul?

In the 1800s, the focus was not on the time we have here but on eternity and what we can do that will carry on to them. However, in the 1940s, the message switched to materialism and how we can make our lives better and how God can help us with anything. It became about profit and how God could give you anything. Ministers and pastors are more concerned about how much money they have, what the people want, who speaks at their church, how big the congregation is, etc. instead of focusing on God and what He wants.

> 2 Peter 3:8-10 -- The Lord hasn’t forgotten about us, nor is He taking His time returning. The Lord is patiently waiting for the right time. When He comes it will be like a flash of light or a thief in the night.

> Matthew 24:36-39 -- No one knows when the Son of Man will return. Just like the Great Flood that came quickly without warning, so it will be when the Lord returns.

Are you focused on the here and now or on eternity and God? Are you listening to the gentle promptings on the Holy Spirit? When another Noah comes to warn you, will you be listening? When God speaks to you, do you listen? When Judgement Day comes make sure you are ready to meet the Lord. It costs nothing to get in the Ark, you only have to listen and go when you are called.

Money doesn’t save you. Whether or not you are poor doesn’t matter. How famous you are means nothing. Being a powerful leader gets you nothing. The only thing that gets you saved is knowimg Jesus as your Savior, your Lord. When the doors to the Ark close, are you going to be with those inside thanking the Lord for His mercy or will you be outside laughing and mocking those crazy enough to believe in some fairytale?

There are those who listened to Noah preach every day, yet never entered the Ark. The builders and carpenters who helped Noah never entered the Ark. Noah’s closest friends didn’t make it. The only ones who made it was a small handful of people who believed that the words Noah spoke were truly from the Lord.

The same rain that destroyed everything lifted Noah and his family up to the heavens.
