---
title: April 11, 2022
date: 2022-04-11
categories: [daybook]
tags: [love notes]
---
Baby girl, good morning 😘

As I lay here, thinking about you in tears 😭 I felt the voice of God, say "Don't let your current situation, be your final destination." And I know, we talked alot about faith, and prayer. I asked you to write down, specific subjects to pray about. Like our relationship, your freedom, and I asked you to plead the blood. I was sitting here, praying and God came again, and said, "Tough times don't last, tough people do." And I want you to know, you are really the strongest person I know, the bravest. The book of Psalms says, you may feel down and endurth into weeping. But you have joy soon to come.
<!--more-->
(Psalms 30:5 - For her anger endureth but a moment; in her favour is life: weeping may endure for a night, but joy cometh in the morning.)

When I say, I love you baby girl. I don't just say it. I mean it. I want you to know, you can turn to me. Anytime. I'll read the Bible with you, I'll pray with you, if you need encouragement, I'll try and encourage my girl. Because, prayer is the best armour against any trail. God stuck us together, for this reason. So we can lift each other up, not run away when the battle gets severe. I've decided years ago, I'm not running anymore. I prayed God send me a girlfriend, Lord let her be in church, I failed my last one due to her grandparents. But if this one is struggling to, Lord I give it to you.

(Jeremiah 29:11 - For I know the thoughts that I think toward you, saith the Lord, thoughts of peace, and not of evil, to give you an expected end. 12 Then shall ye call upon me, and ye shall go and pray unto me, and I will hearken unto you. 13 And ye shall seek me, and find me, when ye shall search for me with all your heart.)

For God knows the thoughts, that he thinks towards you. Thoughts of peace, comfort, love, family, a church, church family, ministry and traveling. God said, I know what I have planned for her, and it's not of evil. He said, I give you a expected end. I give you a future. Then shall you be in need, if you pray, God will hear your prayer. After you've seeked, and searched with all of your heart. You shall find God.

I know, this one is different. From every wake up message. But, God really wanted me to remind you. You have a future. He's giving you, everything that you want. He's just saying, don't let your current situation, determine your final destination. He's saying, tough times come, but they don't last. He's saying, pray, because it's the best armour against everything that comes against you.

Your a warrior, and I plead the blood over your situation right now in Jesus name. I cast out every lying devil, that is clouding your mind. I cast out every devil, that makes you feel like your journey is over. And pain is all you cause. I plead the blood of Jesus Christ, over your mind, over your situation, devil you are not welcome there. I cast you out, and I cast you into the lake of fire, right now in Jesus name. God has given Yoela, power to tread over you, God has given her power, to tread over scorpions, and whatever obstacle you throw her way. I plead the blood, over Yoela's bedside, and I declare peace and comfort enter there. Satan you are not welcome here, no longer. Get out, now in Jesus name. This situation, isn't her final destination. But her future is strong and powerful, and your not welcome there in. I send you back to the pits of hell and to the lake of fire, right were you belong. I plead the blood, over her mind. God give her, peace and comfort, enter there in. Hallelujah, for we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against spirits in high places. But we are made overcomers by the blood, and the word of our testimony. I plead the blood. Right now, Lord touch her. In Jesus name.

Your mine. And the devil, can't have you. I claim our future, and I plead the blood over it. Right now, in Jesus name.

I love you so much 🥺💍😘

~ Dr Encouragement 🥺👑💍 ~