---
title: "DD1.3 ~ It's Not A Hill, It's A Mountain"
date: 2020-11-25
categories: [books, dear diary...]
---
Today is the start of the weekend and the last thing I want to do is go out. After last night, I don't want to run into anyone who will ask me about it. I'm not ready to deal with all the constant nagging, and hear all the stupid rumors. Can't say my life is boring, right? Yeah, sure, whatever.

I'm seriously considering how to get back at Jennifer. Before, I didn't care because she wasn't bothering me *that* much; it was just simple bully procedure, patience practices, and anger management tests, no biggie. She wanted to get a reaction out of me, and I wasn't going to give her that joy. But, now... Now I'm gonna start my own little annoyances. If she wants to play, I'll play.

I was gong over my attack plan when my aunt called me to come downstairs. Someone was at the door, asking for me. It wasn't Zoey or Frances, Aunt Mary would've let them in without call for me. That meant whoever was at the door was probably someone I didn't *want* to talk to.

*Do I really want to go downstairs?*

"Sasha!" Aunt Mary called, "Don't keep your guest waiting!"

"Guess that answers that question." I grumbled. At least it's not Emily, the local gossip. Aunt Mary would've said her name too.

I dragged myself down the stairs connected to my room. Our house always reminded me of the house in Cheaper by the Dozen 2, only with less rooms. It even had the room in the attic with the secret shute, my room.

I almost reached the grand staircase when I heard *him.* Of all the people in our town, it had to be Caden Adler. I took a deep breath and started walking down the steps. Yup, there he was, alone thank God, talking to my aunt. He looked up at me and smiled. I didn't smile back, instead I took the opportunity to examine his appearance. Like I said before, if the circumstances were different, I'd be totally giddy seeing him in the foyer looking like a model and smiling up at me like that. I would probably be a bit shy and blush too. But not now. *Thanks Jennifer.*

"There you are Sasha," Aunt Mary smiled, "I was just setting out lunch before I headed out. Why didn't you tell me you had a friend coming over?"

"I didn't know." I replied.

"I see." Aunt Mary studied me before turning to Caden, "Would you like some lunch Mr. Adler?"

I half-expected him to say something like "please, call me Caden," but he didn't. But instead, he simply said "Thank you, I would like that."

I almost rolled my eyes, why did he have to be polite?

Aunt Mary smiled and lead us into the kitchen. "It's a good thing I always make extra, you never know when kids are going to show up. WHich reminds me, Sasha, did something happen between you, Zoey, and Frances yesterday? They didn't come over today, and I haven't heard from them.

I sat on a bar stool, "They're jus giving me space, that's all. They're not the ones who did anything."

Aunt Mary watched me quietly. One of the things I liked about her is that she is very observant. I could say one sentence and she would get the hidden meanings.

She set down two plates of lasagna on the counter. "What happened at the party? Something I should know?"

"Can we pray first?" I glanced at Caden to see his reaction. He hadn't touched his food yet and I wondered if he was waiting to pray as well. Most of the people here were either Catholic or Christian, but I doubted the Adlers were either.

Aunt Mary nodded and bowed her head, "Thank you Father for helping me prepare this meal. Please, bless it and those who consume it. And please continue to help me with this child. Amen."

I smirked and started picking through my lasagna. "It wasn't my fault, exactly."

Aunt Mary smirked back, "No, of course not."

I chewed carefully, fully aware of Caden. It seemed like he was waiting to hear my story as well. I was starting to think it was a good thing he was here, then I could see his reaction too.

"So," I began. "some of the girls wanted to play truth or dare―"

"Oh, dear."

I smiled and continued, "I didn't mind at first, but then I saw who was also playing, Jennifer."

"Who?"

"Jennifer Adler, Caden's" I waved to him, "half-sister, and my new anger management practice course."

Both Aunt Mary and Caden chuckled.

"Seeing her, I decided I didn't want to play, but the other girls kept asking me. Apparently, the game isn't as fun without me."

"I can see that." Aunt Mary chuckled.

"And despite all the warnings, and my practice on resisting peer pressure, I caved. We started playing the game and everything was going smoothly, until.." I took a bit of lasagna, "Beth couldn't think of anything to ask me and passed it on to the person on her left."

Aunt Mary sighed and shook her head. "What did Jennifer ask?"

Caden was silently eating his lasagna, but he paused at her question.

"First," I continued, "she ignored me when I chose truth, and dared me to... guess."

"Kiss a boy."

I jumped and turned around. My uncle, David, was standing by the back door with an amused look on his face.

I giggled, "How long were you standing there, Uncle David?"

"Long enough," he chuckled.

"Hurry up with the story, Sasha," Aunt Mary urged me, "I'm going to be late for work."

"Okie dokie," I replied. "Yes, she dared me to kiss Caden."

Everyone looked at him. He stared back at us, "Sounds about right." He said.

"How?" I asked.

"She's always trying to hook me up with some girl."

"Okay... moving on. I refused―"

"Smart girl." remarked Uncle David.

"―but then she offered me fifty bucks to do it."

Caden choked on his food, my aunt looked shoked, and my uncle just stared at me.

"I was shocked and refused again. She upped her offer to one hundred dollars if I kissed him and had sex with him."

Uncle David mumbled something in Russian that sounded like cursing.

"She did what?!" Aunt Mary screamed.

"At which I decided I didn't want to play this game anymore, and Jennifer called me crazy for not wanting to makeout with the hottest guy in school."

I glanced at Caden. He looked stoned-face and mad.

"I threw some sarcasm, then the bomb dropped. Jennifer threatened to tell everyone my biggest secret."

My uncle looked at me with a question in his eyes. I nodded and continued.

"I paniced a little and had no choice but to agree. So, she jumped up like the blond witch she is and practically skipped over to Caden, tugging me along."

"You didn't..." Aunt Mary whispered.

I avoided Cadedn's eyes, "It was a good kiss, and I probably would've loved it under different circumstances. Afterwards, I ran outside and came home."

"I knew this would happen eventually." muttered Uncle David.

"How did you know this would happen?" Aunt Mary seethed.

He shrugged, "The only way Sasha would kiss a guy was if she was wooed off her feet or forced into it. And with the way she's been lately, or hasn't been, it had to be the latter."

I blinked, "Wait, what?"

"Would you be serious, David! Our neice was blackmailed!"

"I heard that Mary. It's a crazy world, things happen, I can't reverse that."

"How can you just say that?! That girl could do it again, and it could be worse!"

"Mary..."

"Don't 'Mary' me, we have a big problem here!"

"I know that, but yelling isn't going to fix it."

"Well, why don't you tell us what will, instead of cracking jokes."

"I'm just trying to―"

"Enough already!" I interrupted.

Both my aunt and uncle stopped and stared at me.

"Whats happened has happened, there's no point in getting all riled up about it now. I'm going to figure out what to do about it, so stop yelling at each other." I turned to Aunt Mary, "You're going to be late for work."

She opened her mouth to speak.

"It's okay, Aunt Mary." I interjected. "We'll figure out something."

"No." Caden stood up and looked at me, "This is my sister, I'll take care of it. You don't need to do anything."

I frowned, "It's not your problem, Caden."

"Yes, it is. I was a little... obsessed with you and she knew it. Jennifer likes doing stuff like this, and I've let it go on too long. I'll take care of it, Sasha, trust me." He turned to my aunt, "Thank you for lunch, you're a very good cook." Then he walked out of the room and out the house.

I stared after him. That was the first time I ever heard him say my name, and he used so much emotion. I could hear his sincere apology, and his anger. His request stopped all my thoughts.

Uncle David sighed, "He better take care of it."

"I... I have to go." Aunt Mary whispered.

"Do you need me to drive you?"

"No, I need to calm down and relax before I get to the office."

My aunt left. and my uncle went upstairs to shower and rest a bit. I knew they would be thinking about what had happened for the whole day, I felt bad about that. I did hope Caden put Jennifer in her place, but I was going to be prepared just in case. Something he said bothered me though, just how obsessed was he? And Jennifer had done this before? Why? What was her problem? And what exactly does Jennifer know? Does Caden know too? Too many questions, not nearly enough answers. I think it's about time I start digging through the internet for info on the Adler family, and find out some answers for myself.

{% note default %}

- Previous: {% post_link dd-1-2 %}
- Next: {% post_link dd-1-4 %}

{% endnote %}