---
title: The Power of Instructions
categories: [devotionals]
---

I have this old Xbox game console, I think it was the first one that ever came out. It looked like a DVD player (or VHS player if you know what that is) and it had controllers connected to long cords that you plugged into it. I also had this awesome game called Need for Speed Underground 2. I loved this game. It was so much fun to play with my siblings and I acquired the “need for speed” that everyone talked about. The only problem I had with this game was its so-called campaign mode. If you’ve ever played video games, you know that the campaign was supposed to be the story mode version of the game. The campaign mode for Need for Speed Underground 2 did… nothing. I’m serious, it just puts you in a wicked awesome car and some character at the bottom says something about meeting her at someplace to give her back her car. I couldn’t figure out what in the world to do other than driving around at 80 mph and explore the area. I didn’t have any instructions, only an arrow that kept trying to point me in the right direction. I did follow the arrow, but it led me someplace and I had no idea what I was supposed to do. So, I just ignored the campaign mode and played all the other racing modes. Many years later, I met another guy who had the same game. He let me play it and then he started talking about the campaign mode. Of course, I told him I could never get past the first instruction and he showed me how. The campaign mode… was… awesome. All the years I had missed out on the best part of the game because I didn’t have any instructions to follow. Not only did the guy show me how to play the campaign mode, but he also showed me some cool tricks in the game. I missed out on a lot just because I didn’t have the instructions. Imagine if I had. I wouldn’t get frustrated or bored with the game and I could’ve enjoyed the best part of it. Just because I didn’t have a little booklet of words, I spent over ten years missing out on the best part of my favorite game. Imagine if we didn’t have the Bible. Imagine how difficult it would be to know what to do. Imagine spending years doing things and getting frustrated because they wouldn’t turn outright. Imagine missing out on the best life we could have because we didn’t have the Bible to guide us to the best Father in the world.

This Book of Instruction, written by the Greatest Being in the world, is the ultimate instruction booklet for our lives. We could have the best life ever if we just diligently followed it’s every word. If we need to follow the instructions for an insignificant game, don’t we need to follow the instructions for our very significant lives? I think so. We may mess up, but that’s okay because we always have a second chance like in our games. Amazing how the very things we love to play can also teach us a lesson about following the instructions of the greatest Creator.
