---
title: Learning To Wait and Be Patient
categories: [devotionals]
tags: [patience, angels, prayer]
---

Patience is a character trait that most people struggle to improve, especially in this country where we’re all spoiled and used to getting things instantly. We all want fast devices that do what we want within seconds. We need access to Google to answer all of our questions immediately. We don’t like long lines. We hate traffic. We just hate waiting for things. I remember there was one statistic that said most people would leave a website if it took over 5 seconds to load. Let’s face it, we’re spoiled rotten in this country.

One thing the Bible always emphasizes is waiting on God. We’re told to wait on the Lord and nearly every book in the Bible has a character who did just that. Even Jesus Himself practiced patience and discretion during His whole life. Some of us are really, really, bad at being patient and waiting for God to handle our situations. Little things tick us off and we’re immediately ready to take matters into our own hands, despite the little voice that is trying to tell us to calm down and seek the Lord’s counsel. We get fed up with waiting, we absolutely hate it. I mean, obviously, God is super busy with all the other eight million people in the world and He could use just a little help, right? Well... no, He doesn’t. But, He’s taking forever to answer my one little prayer, maybe He just needs a push, right? Umm.. no, He *doesn’t.* Come on, why else would He be taking so long? I’m probably number three-thousand-and-four on his waitlist, I can’t wait that long. Okay, just **stop.** God has *at least* twelve legions of angels at his disposal to help Him, I’m talking about highly trained warriors who can *fly.* Do you think that God needs your help? Really? Do you have any idea how big a legion is? Look it up, the Roman legion alone was between three thousand and six thousand mortal men, guess how many angels God has. One angel, just *one,* can destroy an army of *5180* men. *One* angel. Let’s assume for a moment that one legion is at least six thousand angels, if God has at least twelve then He has **over seventy-two thousand angels.** I’m sure He has much, much more than that because Jesus said He could call on the *twelve* legions to help Him. Think about it, if God can send twelve legions to one single area then there must be a lot more to help all the other believers around the world. If that doesn’t astound you, think about this: **we all have at least one angel guarding us.** If there are over eight trillion people in the world... that’s a whole lot of angels.

So, back to our former question, do you really think the Commander of over twelve legions of highly trained angelic beings needs help answering your prayer? Probably not, right? Hmm... wrong again. I know, I know, I just made a good point that God doesn’t need your help and now I’m telling you that’s wrong. Let me explain, all seventy-two thousand of those angels need one thing to give them the power to defeat the demons in our lives, do you know what it is? *Your prayers.* We don’t only pray to speak to God, we also pray to give angels the power to defeat the enemies of darkness. If you’ve ever read Frank E. Peretti’s books *This Present Darkness* and *Piercing the Darkness,* you would have a good idea of how this worked. Peretti and many other Christian authors have painted a picture in our minds of how spiritual warfare works and it always requires prayer. *Every. Single. Time.* The whole Bible teaches us the power of prayer, it instructs us on how to use the most powerful weapon the world has ever known. Prayer is the action that equips us to fight off any enemy, no matter how big or small.
So yes, God does require one thing from us; but, He **does not require our interference.** If I asked you what you needed help with right now and you told me the exact thing that you wanted me to do, would you expect you to do something else entirely? No. It wouldn’t matter how much I was trying to help, that’s not what you specifically told me to do and I only made it worse for you. God gave us *specific* instructions, He even had them written down in multiple different versions and languages so we could completely understand it. He even sent interpreters to come and explain it to us if we still didn’t understand. Why would He go through all that work? Because He wanted to save us the energy of trying to handle everything on our own the wrong way. Of course, we still ignore His instructions and try our own way because we’re human and think we know better.

I am someone who should be great at waiting and praying, I’ve been doing it for nearly a decade. There’s been this one prayer that I have prayed for years and never felt like I got an answer. I would ask God for a group of friends who would stick with me for years and be there for me. All I wanted was someone to encourage me when I needed it. A simple request, right? This prayer was born from a long period of loneliness.  As a girl who’s been homeschooled her entire life, I didn’t get to socialize as much as other people did. As a military family, we moved around from state to state, further preventing me from creating long-lasting relationships with anyone. I’m a very social person and I craved the company of kids my age which is completely normal. Not having that made me feel lonely. I prayed the same prayer for years and never seemed to get an answer. Sure, there were the occassional people God sent who were good friends for awhile; but most only lasted a few months or were not real friends to begin with. It didn't seem like God was going to give me what I craved and I didn't know why. Still, I continued to pray and try to be optimistic.

This year, after mant tears and negativity, I was able to get that group of friends. During the COVID-19 season my church, the spectacular Brooklyn Tabernacle, started holding their youth services online over Zoom. I was able to join  the services and meet with dozens of youth near my age (somewhat). There were still some difficulties, that are too long to talk about right now, but God gave me what I had prayed for and He gave it to me abundantly. I am a part of an awesome church with amazing people. I believe that. My patience paid off, it really did. Don't get me wrong, I wasn't all kind and patient the entire time, I cried and yelled and threw fits like everyone else (probably not as much, but I stilll did). It was really hard for me to keep praying those prayers with faith that God would answer them. It was a *real* struggle. But I did it and I learned something through it. Would I gladly repeat those years of my life? No, *absolutely* not. Heck no. But I do know that it was for a purpose. It taught me patience and gave me a testimony that many can't say they have.

Patience is a very good trait to have, especially today. Learn to just breath and wait. *Learn to be patient.* I promise you, it's better to be patient and wait instead of trying to fix things yourself. **DO NOT** try to do God's job for Him, you will fail and probably make things a *LOT* worse for yourself and others.
