---
cssclasses:
  - daily
tags:
  - daily
week: W01
month: 01-January
year: 2024
---

## [[2024-01-03|⬅]] 🔹 Monday 🔹 January 4th 🔹 2024 🔹 [[2024-01-05|➡]]

> [!quote] In wisdom gathered over time I have found that every experience is a form of exploration.
> — Ansel Adams

### Tasks

> [!multi-column]
> 
> > [!important]
> > ```tasks
> > due on 2024-01-04
> > priority is high
> > short mode
> > ```
> 
> > [!todo]
> > ```tasks
> > due on 2024-01-04
> > priority is below high
> > short mode
> > ```

#### New Tasks

### Journal

#### 17:32

I just finished the discussion board for today and it was a bit confusing. Why do people try to confuse me so much? Anyway, this is what I wrote and the video we were discussing.

> This is one of those times when I knew something before going into the lesson, and was completely confused afterward. I am not a math wiz, nor do I aspire to be a mathematician, but I don't hate the subject either. I have heard about the correlations between God and math before, and I probably would have made connections on my own; but now I'm just confused. This video definitely went over my head.
> 
> What I did manage to get from the lesson is that God ordered the universe in such a mathematical and logical way that is, in some ways, discoverable and admirable by mathematicians today. I wasn't aware of the numbers Googol or Googolplex beforehand, but I'm baffled by the idea that mathematicians are able to calculate them and just make up numbers. Personally, I don't see the appeal, why make up numbers that will never be used and can't even be written?
> 
> Lastly, the concept of infinity was simple enough before you started trying to explain it. There are some things I just don't want to hear a drawn out and expounded definition for, and this is one of them. An infinity is infinite and unmeasurable, leave it at that, please. I don't understand why the mystery of infinity is so awe-inspiring that you would want to discover more. I use enough brain cells trying to come up with logical solutions to the unsolved crimes of the world than to even contemplate something whose very meaning is meant to be a mystery. No, thank you.

[God, Infinity and Mathematics - YouTube](https://youtu.be/u2RQiqosO8Y)

#### 18:12

This math chapter is *so* boring, SMH. Why are we reviewing 3rd grade stuff?????

Heterosexual or homosexual relationships are not the ideal biblical relationships, Holy Sexuality is.

What does abstinence through your singleness mean? Does that include masturbation?

[[Article Ideas]] what is the real ideal biblical view of singleness and marriage?

#### 23:07

I just finished talking to [[Kieron]], he is something else. I was the one who did most of the talking, and he said he likes listening to me speak. It was cute. For nearly an hour, we didn't speak much, just did our thing and enjoyed each other's company.

#### 23:38

I'm getting the hang of Logseq. At first, it was a bit annoying because I kept wanting to customize stuff and I couldn't; but that's why I started using it, to force myself to stop and focus on what's important. So yes, Logseq is serving its purpose for me, and I'm actually starting to like it. I can't organize pages or create aesthetically pleasing dashboards, all I can do is write and link stuff. **Stop it and GO STUDY!**