---
title: Chapter 1
book: dd1
---

<span class="dropcap">S</span>asha laid on her bed, staring at the ceiling. Sleep was evading her. She had been lying in bed for the last 2 hours, tossing and turning. Her world was starting to fall apart and she didn’t know how to stop it.

“Maybe I should write this all down,” she murmured to herself, “then maybe I can come up with a game plan.”

She sat up and pulled out her brand new diary from her nightstand and stared at the cover. Her aunt had been trying to get her to write a diary for years but Sasha was never really interested. Even now, she was debating if she actually wanted to write down all her secrets in a book for others to find.

She signed, opened the book, grabbed a pen, and started writing.

---

*Dear Diary, do you wanna know a secret? Of course, you do, that’s what diaries are for. You tell them all your secrets and hide it so no one will find it. Yeah, well, someone always does. So, back to my question, do you want to know my biggest secret? That’s too bad because I can’t tell you, I can’t tell anyone. I almost told my best friends several times, but I couldn’t. My biggest secret is so bad that it could destroy everything, my life, my family, and my friends. I haven’t told anyone, yet Jennifer somehow knows and she just might tell everyone for me. Who’s Jennifer? Oh, let me tell you about her, let me tell you everything about the little witch named Jennifer Stone…*

*Jennifer Stone is the new girl who decided to become the queen of the school and make my life miserable on the same day. I don’t know why I became her target but I quickly realized what a special honor I’d been given. Jennifer was super nice to everyone, that really popular girl who everybody, including the teachers, liked. Oh, wait, maybe that’s why she immediately hated me. I guess there can only be one most-favored girl in school, go figure. Honestly, I was here first. She keeps doing little things to agitate me, like spilling stuff on my books (“accidentally” of course), messing with my locker, stealing my notes, making up weird things about me, you get the point. So, you see why she’s a witch? Seriously though, if someone talks, walks, and dresses like a witch wouldn’t you call them a witch? I’m serious, she actually acts like a witch! Even her fingernails and hair scream witch. I called her a witch to her face and she just curtsied, smiled, and thanked me for the compliment. I swear she’s copying my playbook because that’s one of my favorite tactics. Not that I’m mean to anyone, I only do that to people who are trying to insult me for random reasons. But enough about Jennifer, let’s about her half-brother Caden.*

*Caden is… just Caden. I mean, he’s hot but doesn’t flaunt out his features, cute but not babyish, shy but not in an antisocial way if that makes sense. He just keeps to himself. To be honest, I don’t know how to describe him. He reminds me a bit of Edward Cullen, how do you describe him? My only problem with Caden is that he’s blonde. I don’t mean to offend anyone but I have a thing against blonde people, most of them anyway. They’re usually represented as bossy or I’m-so-hot-I-could-be-the-sun kind of way. Not to mention the really naive and dumb ones. Occasionally, I’ll read about or see someone on TV who’s blonde and actually a nice I’m-normal-just-like-you person instead of an I’m-a-movie-star-and-you’re-worthless brat. You get my point, Hollywood has messed up blondes for me. Who wants someone like that as a friend? And Jennifer is exactly one type of blonde I’m talking about.*

*Anyway, Caden is almost the exact opposite of Jennifer, which is funny because they’re half-siblings (get it?). Caden came to town and you wouldn’t have noticed if the local gossip group didn’t do a how-hot-is-the-new-guy pole. He just blends into the background and avoids everyone (or everyone just avoids him). The first day he came though, I immediately knew he liked me. When a guy decides to stare right at you for prolonged periods of time you just know something is up. You might be wondering why didn’t I walk up and introduce myself the moment I caught him staring, right? Well, because his stare makes me feel… funny. It’s that stare that guys give you that makes you conscious of how low your neckline is and how tight your jeans are. Now, for some girls that’s fine, they love getting noticed like that; but for me, that’s a big red flag. I’ve never kissed a boy or “gotten physical” and I like it that way, mostly anyway. Being kissed by someone who really seemed to like me wouldn’t be that bad. Call me old-fashioned or weird, but I’d like to keep my virginity for my future husband thank you very much. Of course, Caden’s whole I-want-you stare sends shivers down my spine and a beware-of-your-surroundings message to my brain. Caden is definitely the kind of man I should stay away from, which brings me back to Jennifer. Everything seems to go back to her.*

*Jennifer has a special way of knowing exactly what gets you mad and using that to her advantage. Isn’t she special? Imagine what she decided to do to me. Sweet Jenny decided she just had to speak about the wonderful aspects of love, mainly the physical parts. Isn’t school an amazing place for pure virgins? Gee, wonder why most lose their virginity by high school? You’d think avoiding Jennifer would solve my problem, right? It’s an easy-peasy solution. Yeah, I wish. She could pick me out from a crowd of people if we were all wearing the same outfit. Maybe it’s my blood-red hair, it’s kind of a beacon.*

*I think I’m starting to accept the fact that Jennifer and I are going to be bosom buddies for a while. Well, I was starting to accept that until she figuratively pushed me down a hill without brakes. What do I mean? It’s a long, and somewhat humorous, story…*

---

Sasha sighed again and tossed the diary on the floor. She didn’t want to relive that part yet. She closed her eyes and let the tears finally lure her to sleep.
