# New Zealand

Hidden in one corner of the earth, lies a group of islands with skies so crisp and clear, air refreshingly clean and sweet, and horizons that are blissfully undisturbed. In the morning, the beautiful orange and pink waves of the sunset can be seen from anywhere. At night, the stars light up the sky in breathtaking shades of silver and blue. Here is where beauty, imagination, and adventure have all gracefully danced together for hundreds of years. Are you ready to be transported into another world? Welcome to Aotearoa New Zealand.

After spending half of my life in cities engulfed by the rush of traffic and entertainment, I have found myself yearning for a quiet, peaceful place to rest. My heart longs for the peace and tranquility that can be found in the forest surrounded by nature, or floating in the middle of a river watching the clouds and birds fly by. That’s why if I ever move to another country, I can easily see myself choosing the world’s most remotely developed nation of Aotearoa New Zealand. Located on the southwest edge of the Pacific Ocean, the two large islands and 700 smaller ones that make up this nation are all covered with forests, mountains, beaches, lakes, fjords, and ancient volcanoes. In one day, I could start my morning off with a hike through the forest, spend the afternoon raft through a cave, finish off my evening by skiing down a snow-capped mountain, and end the night watching the city lights. There’s a lot to do on the islands of New Zealand, some of these must-does include stargazing, cave exploring, bird spotting, whale watching, diving, and even bungy jumping. And that’s only half of the list, there are still a few vineyards, trails, natural hot tubs, beaches, waterfalls, a castle, and the Southern Lights.[@a2023_find]

There’s a reason why New Zealand is full of awe-inspiring geological history, the natives, called the Māori, have cared for the land for hundreds of years. There are over 100 Māori tribes in Aotearoa, each with their own unique stories, all descendants of the Polynesians. One great example of Māori culture are their famous Hakas, or war dances. These ceremonial dances feature a lot of facial expressions, chanting, and body slapping and were originally performed during tribal group meetings, whether in peace or during war. Today, the only battles take place at a sport event, such as rugby. The two New Zealand rugby teams–The All Blacks (men) and The Black Ferns (women)–each use a haka before a game. The Māori culture is ingrained into every aspect of Aotearoa, New Zealand and is the primary reason the nation has remained pure and undeveloped. The Māori believe the land itself is their ancestors and that it is their sacred duty to guard and protect it. All travelers are held by the Tiaki Promise, a commitment to join the Māori as guardians of their homeland.[@a2023_care]

The rich culture and spectacular scenery are not the only reasons to visit New Zealand, if you’re a big movie junkie you absolutely have to visit this country at least once. The number one thing on the official Ultimate New Zealand Bucket List[@a2023_ultimate] is to visit the set of one of the most popular movie franchises of the world, *The Lord of the Rings* and *The Hobbit Trilogies*. You read that right, Sir Peter Jackson, a native himself, had the majestic Middle-Earth set built in New Zealand, and he never took it down! Middle-Earth is still right there, bringing the movies to life in the best way possible. If the idea of walking through Hobbiton doesn’t excite you enough, Jackson wasn’t the only one who used Aotearoa as the backdrop for a new world. *King Kong, The Last Samurai, The Chronicles of Narnia*, and even *Our Flag Means Death* have all used locations in New Zealand as movie sets. But that’s not all! TV shows like *Xena: Warrior Princess, The Bachelor, One of Us Is Lying* and several *Power Ranger* seasons as well have also filmed in New Zealand.[@wikipediacontributors_2021_categorytelevision] You won’t find the sets for all of these, but with a little research you can find where they used to be. So, make sure you check your list of favorite shows before you leave Aotearoa, just in case.

All of these make Aotearoa New Zealand one of the best vacation (or permanent living) spots in the world. It’s definitely a country you should add to your travel list, even if movies or tribal dances aren’t your thing. There’s so much to do, no one could possibly say they’re bored or didn’t enjoy themselves. I can’t wait to visit New Zealand for myself, I’m sure I won’t want to leave for at least two weeks.
