---
id: 202405211848
title: 2. Disciplines Within Philosophy
description: 
date: 2024-05-21
modified: 2024-05-27
tags: [source/books, philosophy]
---

- philosophers disagree about the extent of philosophy, but not about the divisions/area within

## Ethics

- best known area of philosophy
- **answers questions relating to obligation and right action**
- partly analytic/meta-ethical
- _meta-ethics:_ a field of ethics that defines certain key terms found in ethical statements centered around praise or blame for actions. Examples of terms are “good,” “wrong,” “right,” “responsible,” “ought,” and “should.”
- some believe it’s a normative inquiry
    - theories recommend/appraise/justify certain actions
- ethicists find actions that ought to be encouraged
- _moral/ethical relativism:_ a view that believes ethical rules are situation- or culture-dependent, not universal
- _emotivism:_ a view that states that statements of moral principle only express one’s own personal feelings

## Social and Political Philosophy

- actions concerning a group or society
- **centers around society’s goals and the state’s role in achieving them**
- authority, power, justice, and individual rights are some of the concepts reflected on
- example questions
    - Who should govern society?
    - Are freedom and organization compatible?
    - What is democracy, and is it a justifiable form of government?

## Aesthetics

- essential to axiology (value theory)
- does touch on ethical and/or social/political issues
- **analyzes ideas like beauty, taste, and art**
- one of the most interesting divisions
- example questions
    - What makes a good poem?
    - What defines a beautiful painting?
    - How are interpretation and evaluation distinguished?

## Logic

- arguably the most fundamental division of philosophy
- **determines the laws of thought and argument**
- usually begins with identifying informal fallacies
    - _argumentum ad hominem:_ using one’s authority, or lack of, instead of evidence to prove a point
- mostly concerned with deductive and inductive arguments
    - _deductive logic:_ major premise → minor premise → conclusions
        - [[aristotle]] was the first to define rules for validating arguments of deductive syllogisms
        - modified into symbolic logic by Gottlob Frege, Bertrand Russel, and Alfred North Whitehead
    - _inductive logic:_
        - defined by Francis Bacon and John Stuart Mill
- the 20th century has been the century of logic
- there are at least 3 types
    - _modal logic:_ deals with impossibility, contingency, and necessity
        - _impossibility:_ a statement is always false
        - _necessity:_ a statement is always true
        - _contingency:_ a proposition is true at least once
    - _deontic logic:_ attempts to formalize the use of the word “ought” in moral contexts
    - _doxastic logic:_ consists of “I think,” “I believe,” “he thinks,” or “he believes” statements

## Philosophy of Religion

- **analyzes and evaluates different religions to discover what goes into it and whether it’s true**
- subjects
    - what makes this religion different from all the others?
    - God’s existence (ontological, cosmological, idealogical, and moral arguments)
    - the attributes of God
        - is divine omniscience compatible with voluntary human action?
        - does God’s immortality mean that He exists outside of time, or does He exist in it?
        - does God’s omnipotence mean that He can invent a task that’s too difficult for Him?
    - religious language

## History of Philosophy

- **shows how ideas led to certain thought patterns, or philosophies, and how those philosophies affected societies and institutions**
- examination of the creation and development of schools of thought
- examples
    - Did Rene Descartes’ time praise reason and criticize experience?
    - Has his discussions been important to the development of contemporary philosophy?

## Philosophy of History

- **critical reflection about the discipline of history**
- includes analytic and speculative elements
- addresses problems in history
- examples
    - does the historian have a unique method, or does he use the scientific method?
    - what’s the goal of the writings, prediction or understanding?
    - are historical statements the same as scientific ones in context?
    - is history linear or cyclical?
    - does a “universal history” exist?

## Philosophy of Science

- **the critical examination and evaluation of key scientific concepts and methodology**
- it doesn’t include much observation or experimentation
- been called a _second-order discipline_
- examples
    - how should scientific theories be constructed and evaluated?
    - what justification and criteria are necessary for scientific theories?
    - what is the structure of scientific explanation?

## Philosophy of …

- regard philosophical inquiry
- also include philosophy of law, mathematics, education, etc.

## Epistemology

- **the investigation of the origin and nature of knowledge**
- one of the principle divisions
- examples
    - how do we know something?
    - when is a claim to know justified?
    - is absolute knowledge about anything possible?
    - are our senses reliable in a physical world?
- not questions of psychology or natural science

## Metaphysics

- Greek, meaning “after physics”
- Andronicus of Rhodes created the term as the name for the nameless books in the collection featuring [[aristotle]]’s _Physics_ that featured Aristotle’s problems after physics
- **the study of being or reality**
- looks at the qualities and relations of reality, while epistemology examines the possibility and conditions of knowledge itself
- examples
    - what defines reality?
    - what does space and time consist of?
    - does every event need a cause?
    - do universals exist? what are they?
    - is there something that’s always constant?
- logical positivists have argued that metaphysics is pseudoscience, thus nonsense and meaningless
- today, it’s more limited and modest

## Philosophy of Mind

- originally part of metaphysics
- examples
    - is there a level of reality that’s _mental?_
    - what distinguishes this “mental” reality?
    - is consciousness just a brain state?
    - how do the body and mind relate to each other?
    - are machines like men?
    - can AI ever function like the human mind?
  
## Action Theory

- examples
    - what’s an act?
    - how does it relate to an agent?
    - what is the connection between act and desire?

## Suggested Readings

 - _On the Methods and Divisions of Philosophy_ by Thomas Aquinas
 - _Categories_ by Aristotle
 - “The Elimination of All Future Metaphysics by A. J. Ayer
 - _What Is Metaphysics?_ by Martin Heidegger

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[aristotle]: ../../../people/aristotle "Aristotle"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"