---
title: Prologue
book: cosaf
---
_They're dead._

The girl stumbled through the forest. Her dress, no longer sparkling like the stars, did little to shield her body from the foliage.

_He killed Mother._

A flash of a sword. Her mother's scream. Her beautiful gray wings were covered in blood.

The girl nearly screamed as one of her own wings was yanked back by a branch.

_Then the fae threw Amphis._

Her little brother was only thirty years old. He could barely stand, let alone hold up his wings. He was a baby, a small, defenseless baby. And his screams...

_Father... he couldn't save us._

She sobbed. The King could do nothing but watch as his family was tortured and slaughtered right in front of him. Nine long hours of torture had rendered the being unable to move anything but his eyes.

_The new High Lord of the Shadow Court had murdered an entire race._

It had only taken four days for the royals to discover the true plan of the cunning lord who had spoken of peace, yet whispered of war. Two days too late.

_I am the last._

The princess had barely escaped the massacre. If her father hadn't given his last magic...

A flash of light. The fae's yell. She was tossed out of the balcony. Her father's eyes before the last tendrils of magic that were keeping him alive destroyed the castle. That had finally brought an end to all the suffering; but not for her.

_I am the last._

_I must survive._

The girl slipped and tumbled down a ravine.

_Voices. The fae were here._

She slowly stood as figures clothed in shades of white, navy blue, and black surrounded her.

Her father's colors. Her colors. The fae were wearing her people's colors while they slaughtered them.

_I am the last, I WILL survive._

A flash of blue. Screams. Complete silence.

_I will make them pay._

_HE will pay._
