---
id: 202407210911
title: Sermon
description: 
date: 2024-07-21
modified: 2024-07-21
tags:
  - 📥/🌱
---
What is love?


>[!bible] [[1 John 3#16|1 John 3:16]]
<sup>**16** </sup> By this we know what love is: Jesus laid down His life for us, and we ought to lay down our lives for our brothers. 

The challenges we face with others will challenge the quality of our love.

>[!bible] [[1 John 3#17|1 John 3:17-]][[1 John 3#18|18]]
<sup>**17** </sup> If anyone with earthly possessions sees his brother in need, but withholds his compassion from him, how can the love of God abide in him? <sup>**18** </sup> Little children, let us love not in word and speech, but in action and truth. 

What does “friend” mean in this chapter? It’s like a close companion who knows the heart of their companion(s). Therefore, a true friend of God would be someone who knows God’s heart and abides by it.

---

Glorify God
Bear Fruit
Abide
Obey
Trust

---

>[!bible] [[2 Corinthians 4#10|2 Corinthians 4:10-]][[2 Corinthians 4#12|12]]
<sup>**10** </sup> We always carry around in our body the death of Jesus, so that the life of Jesus may also be revealed in our body. <sup>**11** </sup> For we who are alive are always consigned to death for Jesus’ sake, so that the life of Jesus may also be revealed in our mortal body. <sup>**12** </sup> So then, death is at work in us, but life is at work in you. [[2 Corinthians 4#11|]]

Are you being a good friend to others? What does it mean to be a “good” friend? Does it mean that you never do anything bad to the other person? No, it means that you show the love of God to them and seek to bring joy in their lives to the best of your ability. You become a willing servant in their lives, serving to spread the heart of God to others.

>[!bible] [[2 Samuel 23#15|2 Samuel 23:15-]][[2 Samuel 23#17|17]]
<sup>**15** </sup> David longed for water and said, “Oh, that someone would get me a drink of water from the well near the gate of Bethlehem!” <sup>**16** </sup> So the three mighty men broke through the Philistine camp, drew water from the well near the gate of Bethlehem, and brought it back to David. But he refused to drink it; instead, he poured it out to the LORD, <sup>**17** </sup> saying, “Far be it from me, O LORD, to do this! Is this not the blood of the men who risked their lives?” So he refused to drink it. Such were the exploits of the three mighty men. [[2 Samuel 23#16|]]

---

- What can you do to express God’s love?
- What area of your life can you use as a service to others?
