---
title: 3. Close Call, Or Maybe Not...
book: tmf
---
Samantha Rose found herself counting to ten, again, as the pompous gentleman rattled off about his *highly* expensive business ventures. It seemed like he and the other gentleman currently occupying his attention were having a dominance battle. She idly sipped her cocktail and tried to find something more interesting.

"On a scale from one to ten," Dorian whispered in her ear, "how bored are you?"

"Twelve" She whispered back.

He chuckled, "That's not on the scale."

"You should've asked me fifteen minutes ago."

Dorian laughed and cleared his throat. "Excuse me, gentlemen, but I think that the women at this table are a bit bored by this discussion."

The other two women, wives, smiled and looked at Dorian with "thank you" written all over his face.

"Oh, well, yes." Replied the first and slightly more annoying one. "I'm a bit bored with it myself."

"Let's talk about something a bit more lively, eh Johnson?"

"Agreed Jeffrey."

Jeffrey, who Samantha believed had the last name Morris, turned to her. "Tell me Ms. Rose, have you had any fun adventures in America yet?"

"I wouldn't call them 'adventures,'" She replied. "But I have had some wonderful experiences."

"Do share." urged Johnson, whose parents seemed to have mixed up his first name with their last. Who named their son Johnson Davids anyway?

"Well, before I met Dorian, I spent most of my time walking around New York City and food tasting."

"Food tasting?" interrupted Morris.

"Yes, I like embracing different cultures through their traditions and foods. There are so many different people here that come from different walks of life. America is the perfect place to experience a different country, or culture, without actually shelling out hundreds of dollars."

"Smart girl," remarked Davids.

"One day I was looking for this restaurant that a fellow tourist had insisted I try out. She told me, in broken English, that the name of the restaurant was 'Pasty Eels,' and that it was a few blocks away on some street I didn't quite catch the name of. Now, the name 'Pasty Eels' didn't sound very appealing to me, but she was very adamant that I try it, and I was curious, so I figured, why not? I walked in the direction she had indicated for a little while, asking those I passed if they knew of 'Pasty Eels.' As you can imagine, many gave me funny looks, or ignored me, as I've learned that city people do often."

Chuckles resounded across the table.

"Eventually, I bumped into someone who gave me the time of day and tried to figure out where this restaurant with the queer name could be. It took a while for him to realize what restaurant I was looking for, but I knew he figured it out when he suddenly burst out laughing. As the saying goes, I found myself smiling with him, the name sure was funny. After he was done gasping for air, the gentleman, whose name turned out to be Aaron, told me that the name of the restaurant wasn't 'Pasty Eels' but rather 'Tasty Meals.'"

"Oh, dear." One of the wives laughed.

This brought upon some more laughing by the two of us, and Aaron insisted on personally walking me to one of the best restaurants downtown. Along the way, I discovered that he was the nephew of the man who owned the store, Mr. Peter Garrett. When we finally got there, Aaron recounted the story to his uncle, who had an even more boisterous laugh than his nephew, and I was treated to the best meal they had, on the house."

Davids clapped his hands together, "Great story!"

"Yes," agreed Morris, "you are a wonderful storyteller."

"Thank you." Samantha answered, "I do enjoy a good story myself."

"Then you should definitely listen to some of Julia's tales from her travels," Morris suggested.

Julia, who was Morris' wide, blushed, "Oh, no, that's fine."

"But of course! You must compare tales with Ms. Rose, Jules."

"Oh, yes, indulge us." smiled Angela, the other wife.

Julia's face grew a deep shade of red. "All right, all right, you traitors."

Samantha laughed and listened as Julia began to recount her first trip to Italy five years ago.

---

An hour later, Julia finished another funny and absolutely embarrassing story that had everyone laughing and trying not to choke on the remnants of their meals.

"I can't believe you fell for that three times." Samantha laughed.

"Every, single time." Julia giggled, "that's why I can't go to Europe alone anymore."

"Neither can I!" Angela added.

"European men are interesting," remarked Dorian.

Morris smirked, "Speaking from experience, my boy?"

"Shush," Dorian made a show of looking behind him, "if Dragomir found out about that, I'm screwed."

The group burst out in laughter, again.

They were forced to quiet down when one of the waiters stood up on a small stage on the far side of the room.

"Attention, please." He spoke into the mic, "It is now time for our generous benefactor, Mr. Gavriel Arturek, to say a few words."

Samantha watched as Gavriel Arturek walked onstage, and nearly choked on her drink.

Gavriel Arturek looked exactly like she remembered him. His pale, nearly white hair still laid in slight waves across his forehead, and down in a braid past his shoulders. He still reminded her of a cunning elf along with his intelligent, gray eyes that scanned the room, marking faces that he saw.

"I would like to thank you all for coming here today and showing your support. I greatly appreciate it." He began.

"What is he talking about?" She whispered to Dorian.

"This dinner gala was for those who donated large sums of money to one of his fundraising events for disadvantaged children."

"The children who will receive this money," Arturek continued, "will be able to provide for their families and get an education. Dozens of children now have the opportunity to pursue their goals, their dreams. On behalf of all of them, I thank each and every one of you."

Applause erupted around the room, some even stood as Gavriel Arturek stepped off the stage and started making his way across each table.

Samantha watched him near their table. She had to decide if she wanted to see him, or not. He might still remember her face from three years ago. She stood.

"I need to use the ladies' room."

Dorian blinked at her, "You're going to miss your chance to meet Arturek."

"Some other time."

"He's not an easy man to meet, this is a special opportunity."

Samantha glanced up, Arturek was two tables away now. "Well, that's unfortunate, Dorian, sorry."

Anger flashed across Dorian's face, but she turned away and hurried out of the room. She didn't want to meet Arturek, not yet.

---

In the ladies' room, Samantha dashed her face with water and tried to calm her breathing. She had been in the same room with Seth Coloway! She shook her head. He probably would've recognized her; maybe not immediately, but he would have. Her hair was dyed a dark shade of red, but it didn't matter because she wouldn't alter her face. He didn't look like the type of man that would forget who practically blew up his office. Samantha sighed. The things she had done in that first year would take a long time to resolve.

She contemplated calling Rajah and yelling at him for not warning her. Surely he would've known that Arturek was here. She sighed again. No, yelling at him would be useless.

Samantha glanced up at the mirror one last time before exiting the bathroom. She took her time walking down the hallway, lost in thought. She rounded the corner and froze.

Dorian, the gentleman that he was, had followed after her. Unfortunately, he hadn't come alone.
