# 4. Old Faces, More Complications

Gavriel Arturek idly listened to the youngest of the Blackstone men ramble on about... what was he talking about, again? Ah, yes, his newest infatuation, a foreign woman named Samantha Rose.

Gavriel again asked himself why he was listening to the boy in the first place. He kept getting the same answer--Dorian was a Blackstone, and the Blackstones were family. But still, why did Dorian have to bring every woman he was courting to him for approval? Gavriel inwardly sighed to himself, the boy wanted approval from his father figure. Usually, Gavriel was more than happy to advise the Blackstone sons on any matter, however, Dorian's relationship questions came far too quickly for Gavriel's liking. When he allowed himself, he pitied all of the Blackstone children, but Dorian and Cecil were always pitied the most. The father of the children had never really had time for his offspring, nor did he care much about their upbringing. Thomas Blackstone would rather spend his days in his office, or in bed with his wife, than ten minutes bestowing fatherly love to anyone. It was no surprise that when he died, few mourned the man he was. The family, if they mourned at all, only mourned the man he could have been; the man they wished him to be.

Dorian and his younger sister, Cecil, were mere teenagers when their father passed, they were searching for love and acceptance. Gavriel had not known that he would inherit four children when he approached Dragomir, the heir to the family business; but he didn't mind it at all. Gavriel knew very well what might happen to each of them if they didn't have someone to help guide and shape them.

So, Gavriel Arturek never denied assistance to any of the Blackstones if he could provide it. The Blackstone family was now a strong, close-knit unit of intelligent young men and women thanks to his gentle, but firm, guidance.

His thoughts were interrupted when Dorian called out to someone. Gavriel looked up at the young woman who stood frozen, staring at him. Her mahogany hair was pinned up with small curls dangling down to accent her face. Yet, it was her eyes that held his attention, he could never forget those sharp, green pair of eyes and the woman they belonged to, those eyes would forever haunt him.

Dorian called out to her again and reached out his hand. That broke her trance, and she smiled slightly before placing her hand in his.

"Gavriel, meet Samantha Rose." Dorian proudly declared.

"Ms. Rose." Gavriel pressed a kiss to her hand, "Dorian has been bragging about you for days now, I'm glad I finally get to meet you."

She smiled and nodded at him, "Likewise, Mr. Arturek."

Gavriel smirked, she didn't look glad in the slightest. Poor Dorian, he had no idea who he was courting. "It would please me very much if you two would join me for lunch tomorrow."

Dorian's grin grew larger, "That would be wonderful."

Ms. Rose frowned, "I'd rather not. Mr. Arturek, but thank you for the offer."

"Samantha..." Dorian grumbled.

She just ignored him, "Please, may we go now? I'm tired."

Dorian grew angry and looked hurt. "Samantha, why can't--"

"Is that your name," Gavriel interrupted, "*Samantha?*"

Samantha narrowed her eyes at him, "Is *Gavriel* yours?"

"What?" Dorian looked confused.

"Why are you here?" Gavriel countered. "What are your intentions with young Dorian?"

"You should ask him," She snapped back, "he's the one with the 'intentions.'"

Gavriel continued to study her. He didn't consider it a coincidence that the two had met. The question was simple, was her target one of the Blackstone's or him?

"Enough," Samantha turned and started towards the exit, "I'm leaving, Dorian."

"Ms. Rose."

She turned back towards Gavriel, her green eyes glaring at him.

"The Blackstones are dear friends of mine," Gavriel glared back at her, "If you harm them, I will finish what we started those years ago."

She smiled, "Don't worry, Gavriel, I only go after people who deserve it."

With that, she walked through the double doors, out of sight.

"Be careful with that one," Gavriel murmured to Dorian, "She's just humoring you."

"It sounded like she's using me," Dorian murmured back.

"Could be both."

"How do you know her?"

Gavriel sighed, "That's a story for another time, I must retire, as well."

Dorian nodded, even while disappointment painted his face, and bid Gavriel goodnight. Gavriel exited the double doors. His driver was already parked outside, waiting for him, and the man opened the car door. But before Gavriel stepped inside, he felt eyes watching him. He smiled and turned to his left. Samantha's emerald eyes bored into his. Gavriel nodded to her and finally entered the limo. He grabbed his cellphone and speed-dialed his head of security.

"Sir?"

"Tell Logan to be in my office in half an hour."

"Yes, sir."

"And get me information on a woman named Samantha Rose."

---

Zamara paced in her hotel room, going over the last few hours. After Arturek left the gala, she had stood by Dorian's sports car on high alert, waiting for any signs of trouble. The ride back was done mostly in silence. Dorian had tried to question her about her relationship with Gavriel, but she didn't answer and Dorian eventually stopped asking.

Zamara signed and dropped into an armchair. Arturek, if that was his name, had recognized her, and there was no way of knowing what he would do. Perhaps, she could use Dorian to keep tabs on Arturek, they knew each other.

A knock sounded at her door.

Zamara checked the peephole and rolled her eyes. "What are you wearing?"

Rajah grinned at her as he walked in, "Don't like my disguise?"

She took in the trenchcoat, jeans, buttoned shirt, and boots, "You look like a Texas Ranger, minus the hat."

He laughed, "I look hot."

"Uh huh, you also look you're up to no good."

"'No good?' Who even says that anymore?"

"I do, obviously," Zamara rolled her eyes, "You trying to get a girlfriend, again?"

He shrugged, "Maybe. If she comes, she comes."

"Isn't there some kind of rule about informants dating?"

"What is this, Star Wars? I'm just a *middleman,* not a field agent. If I want to date, they can't stop me."

"Seriously?"

"Yeah. In fact, I think even field agents can have relationships too."

"I doubt that, it has to be part of the mission."

"Nope, it depends on what type of agent you are." He winked, "Last time I checked, only SHadows couldn't date and get married. I also heard something about an exception if the partner was another Shadow."

"Are you going somewhere with this?"

"Just saying."

Zamara playfully narrowed her eyes, "Just saying what, exactly?"

"Oh, you know, just another disadvantage to being a Shadow."

"Oh, please." She rolled her eyes, "I made my career choice, leave it be."

"Okay," Rajah shrugged, "but you can still change your mind and go out with me."

Zamara laughed. "Why would I do that? You're like my annoying little brother."

"What?!" He pretended to look hurt, "I'm not annoying."

"Yes, you are, sometimes."

"And you're only a couple of months older than me."

"A couple of months and two years."

"It's not that much." He grumbled.

"Sure."

"Why'd you call me over here anyway?"

Zamara grabbed her laptop and opened up a file.

"Who's Gavriel Arturek?" Rajah asked.

"According to social media, Gavriel Arturek is a multimillionaire and the head of Ark International, a company he founded to help impoverished children get an education and a career."

"Sounds like a nice guy."

"The gala Dorian took me to was to support one of Arturek's fundraisers." Zamara continued to scroll through her notes.

"What's so important about him?"

"Arturek and I have crossed paths before, but I knew him as Seth Coloway. He was one of my father's business partners."

"And you saw him at the gala? Could he blow your cover?"

"No, he doesn't know who I am, my father never introduced us. We met shortly after my parents' murder, Coloway was my top suspect."

"Don't tell me, you broke into his place."

She nodded, "I got into the hotel room he was staying in and looked through some stuff."

"Of course you did."

"My parents were working with him on some secret project, and then they ended up dead. Why wouldn't I look through the one living guy's stuff?"

"Because it's illegal."

"Say that to a nineteen-year-old girl who found her parents brutally murdered."

Ryan sighed, "That doesn't make it right, Zee."

"Find out what you can dig up on Coloway, I'll get The Top's approval to investigate Arturek."

"You're playing with some dangerous people, Zamara."

She smiled, "I know."
