# Case II: Tag, You're It

Reila Pru is scared but determined not to be swallowed up in her nightmares. When one of them shows up in Boise looking for her, she fights the urge to run and instead stands her ground. It's a lot easier with Homicide Detective Jared Clemmings and the whole Boise Police Department looking out for her. However, Rowan Arturek won't just leave Boise without some answers and Reila knows she can't avoid him forever. When people go missing and end up dead, she begins to question if Rowan is here for a bigger reason than just getting back her back.

Homicide Detective Jared Clemmings knew Reila had a rocky past but he had no idea it included people like Rowan Arturek. The Arturek Corporation has been suspected of being involved in shady businesses from the start and Jared doesn't want to believe that the sarcastic and witty aphonic woman he's starting to get attached to could have anything to do with them. When murder cases start piling up on his desk, Detective Clemmings finds it a bit difficult not to suspect Arturek, and Arturek continues to make it even more difficult by refusing to give straight answers to Clemmings' questioning.

In her heart, Reila doesn't want to believe that the man she once loved would be the killer behind the murders that resemble her nightmares, but she does know what he is capable of and it still haunts her. Together, Reila and Jared need to stop the serial killer who has a taste for brutalizing his victims, whether the killer is Arturek or not.

**Objective:** Stop the Killer
